Have you ever wanted to make an animal
themed game but got stuck animating them
and drawing a ton of difficult sprites?
This is Pixel Lab's character creator
and it lets you generate quadriped
animals. You can pick animals like
bears, dogs, cats, horses, even lions.
There's a standard model for quick
results or a pro model if you want
higher quality. Not to forget, you can
choose the perspective of the animal.
Once the character is created, you can
animate it right here. running, walking,
idols, transitions, all using animation
templates. But the real power is animate
with text. With animate with text, you
just describe the motion and it animates
it for you. Now, depending on your
canvas size, you'll get different frame
counts. If you're using 128x 128, you
get four frames. So, you extend the
animation using the last frame. If
you're using 64x 64 or smaller, you get
16 frames. Then just keep the best ones
and delete duplicates or weird frames.
Once it looks right, you export the
sprite sheet and drop it straight into
your game or project. So, if you haven't
tried pixelab.ai, AI. I need to